Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
Last updated: September 20, 2015
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://callowcreation.com website (the "Service") operated by caLLowCreation ("us", "we", or "our").  These Terms also apply to all applications, all products and all games produced or designed or promoted by us.


If applicable your access to our application and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with Google’s Terms of Service. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

In addition if applicable your access to our use of the Product is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with Unity’s Terms of Service. These Terms apply to all testers, users and others who access or use the Product.

By accessing or using the Product you agree to be bound by Unity’s Terms of Service. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Product.

Additionally if applicable your access to our use of the Product is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use. These Terms apply to all testers, users and others who access or use the Product.

By accessing or using the Product you agree to be bound by Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Product.


Links To Other Web Sites
Our Application Product or Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services or products that are not owned or controlled by us.

We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services or products. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services or products available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services or product that you visit.

Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Application or Service or Product immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.


Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service or Application or Product after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service or Application or Product.

Created with permission from TermsFeed Generator.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
